today's project is take this air cleaner
and make it a 360 clamshell so this
intake foreign what the hell ever it is
it's going to go and we're going to take
this and cut it up and I hope it works
okay need to be attentive to the fact
that all the pressure going to be riding
on the filter so we don't want to crush
anything but we want a good enough seal
that no air is going to bypass around
the filter this project shouldn't take
long I still want to hurry up try to get
it done before that shows up you may be
wondering why we're going to make a 360
clam shell out of it well there's two
tricks to horsepower one is cold air
makes horsepower oh you gotta drop you
temperature like 20 degrees to get on
one percent increase or some crap like
that so it's we're not going to be able
to do a cold air induction but what we
can do is give it an unrestricted other
than the air filter unrestricted air
flow let's did have one portal the size
of your fist that the air is going to be
able to go in it's going to be able to
suck air all the way around the element
so more air makes horsepower it's going
to be hot air because it's coming out
from underneath the hood but it's still
going to be more air
here's the bottom half hacked up there's
the rim and I'm pretty happy with that I
cut it larger than it needs to be on the
positive side of air don't still work
the same and I really don't care now to
knock down the sharp edge isn't going to
come back with the grinding wheel and
grind it there's a parts removed and
there's a resulting clamshell air
cleaner but you couldn't buy I won't hit
it with the grinder smooth up there just
I'll hang on to these pieces because if
for some reason I want to restore it
back to factory I'm just put those on
welding back on round it down and be
smooth and be good as new out here's how
it looks
I don't know if you available here could
not but it's like a little crumble in
there
if they didn't they'd had the dollar in
there before a little crumble
move it better now
that's a big plus for 16
really good gas milage